Before we get started spinning up our online store and editing our theme,
it's important to discuss who this class is for,
and what skills you should have coming into this.
First of all, if you're someone who's EVA, already selling online,
about to launch their own online store or working in
a role where you work a lot with the Shopify platform;
it definitely helps to know how your storefront is generated,
so that you can find the right place to make changes.
On the other hand, you might be someone like myself who might not have their own store,
but are excited about catering to the 800,000 plus sellers on Shopify,
who will probably need some help with their theme at some point.
To me, learning Shopify theme development is a great opportunity,
to gain a valuable skill that you can use to offer services to Shopify sellers.
However, as i touched on in the previous video,
this course is going to benefit those who already have
some knowledge and skills in HTML and CSS.
If you're completely new to those languages,
i highly recommend you learn a little of those two first,
and seeming you're right here on skillshare already,
a good place to start is my previous course,
Web Development Fundamentals HTML and CSS.
Other than that it's going to help to have some experience
with a programming language like JavaScript or PHP,
as Shopify's templating language liquid,
uses basic control-flow and iteration blocks to display content.
I'm talking about simple things like four loops and If statements,
which should be super familiar if you've done any programming in the past.
If not, loops and conditionals are pretty
basic and especially easy to understand and liquid.
You shouldn't have too much trouble regardless.
Something that's kind of obvious but still worth mentioning,
is that you should have some familiarity with the Shopify platform itself.
Whether that's as basic as knowing what it is and what it does or better yet,
some experience with adding and organizing products,
pages, and blog posts within the admin.
The more familiar you are with the platform of course,
the easier it's going to be to understand what's going on.
Shopify makes managing your online store as easy as possible,
so you don't necessarily need to have worked with Shopify
before to learn the things I'm about to teach you in this class.
Finally, to briefly cover tech requirements,
just like any of my web development classes,
the only tools you're going to need is a web browser and a code editor.
You'll also be using command line a little bit in this course,
but that's a software that come standard in any operating system.
Now if any of this sounds confusing already,
then i definitely recommend you take a step back,
learn some Web Development Basics and come back to this class at a later date.
A good place to start is my course here on SkillShare.com,
Web Development Fundamentals, a beginners guide to the web.
To quickly summarize, all you'll need is some basic web development skills,
with HTML and CSS,
a web browser and the code editor,
and you should be ready to go.